perf(protocol): add host-assisted input note lookup (#3424)
0xMiden/protocol: CHANGELOG.md

### Changes

- [BREAKING] Reduced the maximum number of assets a note can carry from 64 to 16 ([#3381](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/issues/3381)).

> - Moved the note ID helpers into the protocol library as `miden::protocol::input_note::find_note` and `miden::protocol::output_note::compute_note_id`. The new `INPUT_NOTE_INDEX_REQUEST_EVENT` lets transaction hosts provide an input-note index hint: successful lookups authenticate it against the `NoteId` cached by the transaction prologue, while reported misses are validated by a full scan. This makes the common found case O(1) in the VM while preserving soundness, and provides a shared fast lookup for `FeeSponsorshipNote` and the fee-collection work tracked in [#3340](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/issues/3340) ([#3424](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3424)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a new `INPUT_NOTE_INDEX_REQUEST_EVENT` that lets transaction hosts provide an input-note index hint. Successful lookups authenticate it against the `NoteId` cached by the transaction prologue, while reported misses are validated by a full scan ([#3424](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3424)).
```

We could make this a little more succint, here's a suggestion
